Update hooks support section in README (#2164)
airbnb/enzyme: README.md

Read the full [API Documentation](/docs/api/render.md)

### React Hooks support

> Enzyme supports [react hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html) now with some limitation in [`.shallow()`](https://airbnb.io/enzyme/docs/api/shallow.html) due to some react upstream issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enzyme supports [react hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html) now with some limitations in [`.shallow()`](https://airbnb.io/enzyme/docs/api/shallow.html) due to upstream issues in React's shallow renderer:
```

> * `useEffect()` and `useLayoutEffect()` doesn't get called in React shallow renderer. [Related issue](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/15275)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `useEffect()` and `useLayoutEffect()` don't get called in the React shallow renderer. [Related issue](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/15275)
```

* `useCallback()` doesn't memoize callback in React shallow renderer. [Related issue](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/15774)

#### [`ReactTestUtils.act()`](https://reactjs.org/docs/test-utils.html#act) wrap

If you're using React 16.8+ and `.mount()`, Enzyme will wrap apis including [`.simulate()`](https://airbnb.io/enzyme/docs/api/ReactWrapper/simulate.html), [`.setProps()`](https://airbnb.io/enzyme/docs/api/ReactWrapper/setProps.html), [`.setContext()`](https://airbnb.io/enzyme/docs/api/ReactWrapper/setContext.html), [`.invoke()`](https://airbnb.io/enzyme/docs/api/ReactWrapper/invoke.html) with [`ReactTestUtils.act()`](https://reactjs.org/docs/test-utils.html#act) so you don't need to manually wrap it.

A common pattern of trigger handler with `.act()` and assert is:

```javascript
const wrapper = mount(<SomeComponent />);

> act(wrapper.prop('handler')());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
act(() => wrapper.prop('handler')());
```
